hey everybody my name is Adam I'm from
Southern California and I wanted to
share the experience about my 3dr solo
I've been doing photography for about
five or six years on lands but I've just
started to get into the aerial game I've
been flying for about six months and
I've had my solo for about two months I
just wanted to share with you guys what
I've been through I wanted to first say
thank you I've watched so many videos as
I could of you guys on YouTube from
unboxing to first flights preparation
learning which drones to purchase
settings on the GoPro and everything
like that but there's one thing that I
haven't been able to find and it's about
flying and doing action sports so I'm
talking about surfing wakeboarding kite
boarding right now here in Southern
California kite boarding season is on so
that's about being focusing on and so I
just wanted to try to help people that
might be into similar things so when
we're talking kite boarding you need
wind for those you don't know what kite
surfing is it's where it's similar to
windsurfing give a board about a hundred
feet away from you as a kite and the
kite is what you're scared to get the
power so I'm out there filming when the
winds are 15 miles an hour plus and what
you really need is a sturdy drone
something that's not going to get blown
in the way to come back and forth
something similar something that's
strong enough sitting to hover even in
the strongest conditions and that's
where I've been so impressed with this
drug I've seen other people at the beach
flying different brands different models
it just seems like there's are a stable
as this one matter how bright
so along with fighting the wind you're
also following somebody who gets
traveling up to 20 miles an hour and
that person isn't always going straight
they could be turning they could be
doing tricks they could be surfing the
waves so it's really a game of cat and
mouse and I'm still practicing but I had
a crazy experience and I feel that I
just had to share it with everybody so
out there at the beach filming two
minutes into the session where I was
actually doing a shot where I was coming
in towards him as he's going this way
and the wind's blowing from the
southwest so there's three forces coming
on and what we were trying to do is try
to get the aerial shot down with the
kite in the pipe order and not
perspective but I cut it a little too
close as you can see in the video that
I'm gonna play right now as he's tied
boarding towards me and I'm coming in we
actually hit in my drone Clips the lines
of his pipe and it scared me I mean my
jaw drop my heart soft I was like I
don't know what's going to happen it
just hit and all I saw was a tumble and
a flip and side flip and it seemed like
it took an eternity you know 10 30
seconds but there's only like two
seconds and to my surprise and to
everybody on the beach the drone once it
righted itself it stayed in place it did
not fall into the water and I'm flying a
few hundred feet into the water so I
mean it would have sucked for sure and
there'd be no way I could swim fast
enough you don't get it and so I just
thought that was amazing you know
because I'm flying in he's riding this
way the wind's coming this way I mean
that's that's inertia as everything like
that and this drone actually survived it
you know I'm so stoked that I picked
this one and amazed such I'm just like
all my friends this video posted on my
Instagram it's crazy it's too like you
have to see it to believe it
so I'm super excited with this I have a
lot more confidence now we always
wondered what would happen if if we hit
do you think that the blades would cut
the lines do we think that when the line
comes it would just stop the motor and
then the patron would fall into the
water we weren't sure and this is
something that we've been thinking about
and to actually have it happen and to be
successful is is amazing
so some super super stoked with this
right here and I'm loving just the whole
setup and how how easy and safe
everything feels so I have the iPhone 6
plus hooks up to the to the remote right
here
and
why're sleet to the GoPro so I'm able to
do all the settings you know this the
selfie the follow the cable cam and the
orbit so flying on here it's just a
great platform for it and
I just really like this setup it's just
something simple and it's easy for me to
get used to and I'm also using the gopro
hero4 black usually shooting 4k and the
footage is super super crispy so that's
my experience I'm hoping to go to the
beach today and do some more filming and
just yeah the new you guys are I'm
trying to get aerial photography or
action sports maybe this can help you
out
so this right here the air spray duster
is my new favorite thing and it's a
necessity for sure when you're flying up
the beach even though you don't get you
can try to protect yourself from the
sand sand will find its way into into
the rotors and how this just ready on
deck and a couple squares fitted onto
the side struggle as much sand off as
possible
sometimes I remove the props if there's
an extra amount of sand but honestly
spray it in and you're good to go it's
really good to have you know just like
maintenance like that and so so yeah I
love this you can buy it anywhere use
this straw if you want to don't just a
straw but it's something I think you
should put in your bag